capital = 43

oob = "HUN_1936"

set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.5
set_war_support = 0.5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = authoritarian_oligarchy
	last_election = "1918.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
add_ideas = {
	export_focus
	limited_conscription
	low_economic_mobilisation
}

set_technology = {
	basic_light_tank = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}
add_ideas = {
	HUN_nongyeguojia
	HUN_minzufenzheng
	HUN_jinjiweijideyubo
	HUN_pangdadejundui
}

set_popularities = {
	national_corporatism = 19
	sacred_revivalism = 15
	leader_despotism = 1
	authoritarian_oligarchy = 7
	conservative_democracy = 14
	liberal_democracy = 4
	consociationalism = 5
	social_democrat = 13
	agroindustrial_socialism = 11
	moderate_socialism = 1
	council_socialism = 4
	vanguard_socialism = 6
}


country_lock_all_division_template = yes

recruit_character = HUN_Gyula_Gombos
recruit_character = HUN_Janos_Zichy
recruit_character = HUN_Charles_I_of_Austria
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Tisza
recruit_character = HUN_Istvan_Bethlen
recruit_character = HUN_Mihaly_karolyi
recruit_character = HUN_Vilmos_Vazsonyi
recruit_character = HUN_Karoly_Peyer
recruit_character = HUN_Zoltan_Tildy
recruit_character = HUN_Kadar_Janos
recruit_character = HUN_Tibor_Szamuely
recruit_character = HUN_Bela_Kun
recruit_character = HUN_ivan_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_karoly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_Aurel_Stromfeld
recruit_character = HUN_istvan_szechenyi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_kanya
recruit_character = HUN_jozsef_szell
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_laszlo_rajk
recruit_character = HUN_kalman_daranyi
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_gratz
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
recruit_character = HUN_otto_von_habsburg
recruit_character = HUN_franz_friedrich
recruit_character = HUN_vojtyech_luzha
recruit_character = HUN_josef_shnejdarek
recruit_character = HUN_richard_tesarzhik
recruit_character = HUN_sergej_vojcechovsky
recruit_character = HUN_frantishek_havlik
recruit_character = HUN_rudolf_viest
recruit_character = HUN_alois_vicherek
recruit_character = HUN_antonin_hasal
recruit_character = HUN_jaroslav_fajfr
recruit_character = HUN_jan_golian
recruit_character = HUN_karel_janousek
recruit_character = HUN_josef_frantisek
recruit_character = HUN_ludvik_krejci
recruit_character = HUN_karel_vaclav_petrik
recruit_character = HUN_karel_kuttelwascher
recruit_character = HUN_ludvik_svoboda
recruit_character = HUN_frantisek_havel
recruit_character = HUN_stefan_osusky
recruit_character = HUN_ferdinand_catlos
recruit_character = HUN_jozef_tiso
recruit_character = HUN_vojtech_tuka
recruit_character = HUN_konrad_henlein
recruit_character = HUN_gustav_husak
